docs(rfc): Add RFC about parsec-account (#10090)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/rfcs/1013-parsec-account.md

- **Vault:**: A pool of encrypted data accessible to a group of authentication methods.
- **Protected device**: The devices that the user want to protect.

- `auth_method_master_key`: A secret obtained from the authentication method.
- `auth_method_hmac_key`: A secret used for HMAC based authentication.
- `auth_method_secret_key`: A symmetric key to encrypt the vault key
- `vault_key`: A symmetric key used to encrypt the vault.

### How the different keys are generated

- `auth_method_master_key` is generated from a password using a PBKDF algorithm (likely `argon2`).
- `auth_method_hmac_key` and `auth_method_secret_key` are generated from `auth_method_master_key` using a KDF algorithm (the algorithm will be configured differently to not use the same key).
- `vault_key` is generated from a CSPRNG.

### The data model

#### Account

[`Account`]: #account

```yaml
label: Account
type: account
other_fields:
  email: EmailStr
  label: EmailLabel
```

#### Vault

[`Vault`]: #vault

```yaml
label: Vault
type: vault
other_fields:
  created_on: Timestamp
  created_by: Creator
```

> `Creator` is a string like value that represent by whom created the element,

> > it will include the user IP and user-agent.

Author: It's not really useful to do that since a vaults are not made to shared with other users.
But if need we are still able to retrieve the account linked to a vault `Account <-ref- Auth Method -ref-> Vault`

```

#### List devices

To list the device linked to the authentication method's vault:

```yaml
cmd: protected_device_list
req: {}
reps:
  ok:
    devices: Vec<DeviceInfo>
```

`DeviceInfo` is an aggregation of [`ProtectedDevice`] and additional information retrieved from the metadata server.

```yaml
label: DeviceInfo
type: device_info
other_fields:
  organization_id: OrganizationID
  device_id: DeviceID
  user_id: UserID
  HumanHandle: HumanHandle
  created_on: Timestamp
  revoked_on: Option<Timestamp>
  encrypted_device: EncryptedDevice
```

#### Recovery device list

To list all protected device from all vault:

```yaml
cmd: protected_device_recovery_list
req: {}
reps:
  ok:
    vaults: Vec<VaultInfo>
    devices: Vec<DeviceInfo>
custom_types:
  VaultInfo:
    id: VaultID
    created_on: Timestamp
    created_by: Creator
    auth_methods: Vec<AuthMethod>
  AuthMethod:
    algorithm: KeyAlgorithm
    created_on: Timestamp
    created_by: Creator
```

> [!CAUTION]
> The returned list does not include device from the current vault (since we already have access to them and do not need to recover them)

#### Updating the password

```yaml
cmd: auth_method_password_update

> 

Author: done

```

#### Rotate the vault key

```yaml
cmd: vault_key_rotation
req:
  devices: Vec<Device>
  # A newly generated vault key encrypted by authentication secret key.
  encrypted_vault_key: EncryptedSymKey
reps:
  ok: {}
```

Upon receiving this request, the server creates a new [`Vault`] and new [`ProtectedDevice`].

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Doing a vault rotation mean the other authentication methods would not have access to the new `vault_key`.
> Meaning they would not access the devices (encrypted by the new `vault_key`).

#### Account recovery

```yaml
cmd: account_recovery_start
req:
  email: EmailStr
reps:

>   ok: {}

Author: done

```

Similar to `account_send_email_validation_token`, the server will send an email to recover the account.
If the email does not exist the server will still respond with OK status for the same reason as `account_send_email_validation_token`.

```yaml
cmd: account_recovery_finish
req:
  recovery_token: RecoveryToken
  auth_method_key_paramsS: KeyAlgorithm
  encrypted_vault_key: EncryptedSymKey
reps:
  ok: {}
  invalid_recovery_token: {}
```

The server will create a new [`Vault`] & [`AuthMethod`]

#### Account deletion

```yaml
cmd: account_delete
req: {}
reps:
  ok: {}
```

> The server will send an email with a link to confirm the suppression of the account.

Reviewer: Will the link use a route like the following ?
```yaml
cmd: account_delete_validate
req:
    delete_token: DeleteToken
reps:
    ok: {}
    invalid_token: {}
```

Author: I've imagined that we would use a standalone link, would it be better to reuse the same system for the account creation? (where the user would need to enter the token in a input field that `libparsec` does the final request)

Reviewer 2: Good point. Taking into account the importance of the information stored AND that this action cannot be undone, it seems reasonable to protect the user against mistakes. 

So yes, we should probably use the send-token-to-confirm-deletion approach.

Author: So not a standalone link send in the email?

Author: Conclusion, we will use a token with an authenticated

Author: done

N/A

## Operations

- The authentication service storing users devices will need to be managed and probably be deployed separately from the Parsec metadata service
- GDPR will need to be considered for the data stored by the service. T&Cs will need to be adapted in order to mention the service and how to obtain and delete the data stored.

## Security/Privacy/Compliance

Consideration should be taken about the method used to save the device on the remote server.
The service would need to identify the user so we will need to have some information about the user (email mostly).

### Perform clean up when recovering devices

Once a device is recovered (i.e.: Was using an old vault and re-encrypted using the current `vault_key`),
The server should clean up older devices with matching `organization_id` and `device_id` when processing the `protected_device_upload`.

## Risks

- The devices are not stored securely to only allow the user to access them.
- During [perform clean up when recovering devices](#perform-clean-up-when-recovering-devices), the user can lose access to his devices if an attacker takes control of his account and replace the protected devices with dummy data).

>   > To remediate this, it is up to the database administrator to restore a backup.

Author: **issue:** This is really not ideal if we have to rollback the database every-time someone account is compromised

## Remarks & open questions

> - The client will interact with parsec-account via `libparsec`, that way we reuse our RFC communication stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The client will interact with parsec-account via `libparsec`, that way we reuse our RPC communication stack.
```

- What to do when a user is revoked from an organization?
  Should we remove the device, or should we just provide the information that the device for the given organization is revoked?

  > Just inform the user about the revocation
  >
  > @touilleMan

> - A similar question applies for devices that are no longer used (e.g. a linked browser that is no longer used)

Reviewer: This could also apply to a old laptop's device.  But I think it's more a parsec metadata issue of having the option to remove unused devices (and then propagating this data to parsec account)

  S_Acc ->> Client: Device of the user

  Client ->> S_Data: Exchange with the server
```

### Some key definitions

- **Parsec Account:** The name of the new service that will store the devices for a user.
- **Account:** The user's account inside Parsec account.
- **Vault:**: A pool of encrypted data accessible to a group of authentication methods.
- **Protected device**: The devices that the user want to protect.

- `auth_method_master_key`: A secret obtained from the authentication method.
- `auth_method_hmac_key`: A secret used for HMAC based authentication.
- `auth_method_secret_key`: A symmetric key to encrypt the vault key
- `vault_key`: A symmetric key used to encrypt the vault.

### How the different keys are generated

- `auth_method_master_key` is generated from a password using a PBKDF algorithm (likely `argon2`).
- `auth_method_hmac_key` and `auth_method_secret_key` are generated from `auth_method_master_key` using a KDF algorithm (the algorithm will be configured differently to not use the same key).
- `vault_key` is generated from a CSPRNG.

### The data model

#### Account

[`Account`]: #account

```yaml
label: Account
type: account
other_fields:
  email: EmailStr

>   label: EmailLabel

Author: I've added a small paragraph below

```

#### Vault

[`Vault`]: #vault

```yaml
label: Vault
type: vault
other_fields:
  created_on: Timestamp
  created_by: Creator
```

> > `Creator` is a string like value that represent by whom created the element,
> > it will include the user IP and user-agent.

Reviewer 2: I'd reword it a little bit

```suggestion
> `Creator` is a string-like value containing IP address and User-Agent to 
> identify the creator of the vault.
```

- `auth_method_master_key`: A secret obtained from the authentication method.
- `auth_method_hmac_key`: A secret used for HMAC based authentication.
- `auth_method_secret_key`: A symmetric key to encrypt the vault key
- `vault_key`: A symmetric key used to encrypt the vault.

### How the different keys are generated

- `auth_method_master_key` is generated from a password using a PBKDF algorithm (likely `argon2`).
- `auth_method_hmac_key` and `auth_method_secret_key` are generated from `auth_method_master_key` using a KDF algorithm (the algorithm will be configured differently to not use the same key).
- `vault_key` is generated from a CSPRNG.

### The data model

#### Account

[`Account`]: #account

```yaml
{
  "label": "Account",
  "type": "account",
  "other_fields": {
    "email": "EmailStr",
    "label": "EmailLabel"
  }
}
```

#### Vault

[`Vault`]: #vault

```yaml
{
  "label": "Vault",
  "type": "vault",
  "other_fields": {
    "created_on": "Timestamp",
    "created_by": "Creator"
  }
}
```

> `Creator` is a string like value that represent by whom created the element,
> it will include the user IP and user-agent.

> 

Reviewer 2: I would add notes discussed:
 
```suggestion
- There may be multiple vaults for an account.
- For any given account, only a single vault is active.
- The older vaults are kept for recovery purposes.

```

#### Auth Method

[`AuthMethod`]: #auth-method

```yaml
{
  "label": "AuthMethod",
  "type": "auth_method",
  "other_fields": {
    "algorithm": "KeyAlgorithm",
    "hmac_key": "HMACKey",
    "account_id": "AccountID",
    "vault_id": "VaultID",
    "vault_encrypted_key": "EncryptedSymKey",
    "created_on": "Timestamp",
    "created_by": "Creator"
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The algorithm field contains the full configuration needed to do the derivations operations. Typically for the password it should be `{"name": "Argon2iBlake2", "argon2i_opslimit": 65536, "argon2i_memlimit_kb": 3, "argon2i_parallelism": 1}`
- There can be only a single password authentication method per vault.
- Other authentication methods (such as FIDO2) may be added in the future.

```

#### Protected Device

[`ProtectedDevice`]: #protected-device

```yaml
{
  "label": "ProtectedDevice",
  "type": "protected_device",
  "other_fields": {
    "organization_id": "OrganizationID",
    "device_id": "DeviceID",
    "vault_id": "ID",
    "encrypted_device": "EncryptedDevice"
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Device are protected within a vault
- Any given device can be protected in multiple vaults (this is typically the case when the devices have been recovered from an older vault).
    
```

### API

#### Account creation

> To start the account creation, the client start by sending its email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an account, the client starts by requesting an email validation token.
```

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "account_send_email_validation_token",
  "req": {
    "email": "EmailStr"
  },
  "reps": [
    {
      "status": "ok"
    },
    {
      "status": "invalid_email"
    }
  ]
}
```

On `ok`, the server would have sent a mail with a unique token used for next the request used to register the authentication method.
If the email is already registered in the service, a `ok` response will still be sent (without sending an email)
to avoid creating an oracle about emails registered in the service.

```yml
{
  "cmd": "account_password_create",
  "req": {
    "email_validation_token": "EmailValidationToken",
    "account_label": "String",
    "auth_method_key_params": "KeyAlgorithm",
    "auth_method_hmac_key": "HMACKey",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": [
    {
      "status": "ok",
    },
    {
      "status": "invalid_email_validation_token"
    }
  ]
}
```

> Upon receiving the request, the server will create the [`Account`], [`AuthMethod`], and [`Vault`]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon receiving the request, the server will create the [`Account`], [`AuthMethod`], and [`Vault`].

The IP address and User-agent of the creator are recorded (see Data Model).
```

    "encrypted_device": "EncryptedDevice"
  }
}
```

#### Recovery device list

To list all protected device from all vault:

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "protected_device_recovery_list",
  "req": {},
  "reps": {
    "ok": {
      "vaults": "Vec<VaultInfo>",
      "devices": "Vec<DeviceInfo>"
    }
  },
  "custom_types": {
    "VaultInfo": {
      "id": "VaultID",
      "created_on": "Timestamp",
      "created_by": "Creator",
      "auth_methods": "Vec<AuthMethod>"
    },
    "AuthMethod": {
      "algorithm": "KeyAlgorithm",
      "created_on": "Timestamp",
      "created_by": "Creator"
    }
  }
}
```

> [!CAUTION]
> The returned list does not include device from the current vault (since we already have access to them and do not need to recover them)

#### Updating the password

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "auth_method_password_update",
  "req": {
    "algorithm": "KeyAlgorithm",
    "hmac_key": "HMACKey",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": {
    "ok": {}
  }
}
```

The server will update the unique [`AuthMethod`] linked to the account with the updated field.
At that point, the client will need to use the update key for the next requests.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The current password will be overwritten in the current authentication method.

The IP address and User-agent of the creator are recorded (see Data Model).
        
```

#### Rotate the vault key

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "vault_key_rotation",
  "req": {
    "devices": "Vec<UploadedDevice>",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": {
    "ok": {}
  }
}
```

Upon receiving this request, the server creates a new [`Vault`] and new [`ProtectedDevice`].

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Doing a vault rotation mean the other authentication methods would not have access to the new `vault_key`.
> > Meaning they would not have access to the devices (encrypted by the new `vault_key`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Doing a vault key rotation means the other authentication methods would not have access to the new `vault_key`,
> and therefore would not have access to the devices (which will be encrypted by the new `vault_key`).
```

If the email is already registered in the service, a `ok` response will still be sent (without sending an email)
to avoid creating an oracle about emails registered in the service.

```yml
{
  "cmd": "account_password_create",
  "req": {
    "email_validation_token": "EmailValidationToken",
    "account_label": "String",
    "auth_method_key_params": "KeyAlgorithm",
    "auth_method_hmac_key": "HMACKey",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": [
    {
      "status": "ok",
    },
    {
      "status": "invalid_email_validation_token"
    }
  ]
}
```

Upon receiving the request, the server will create the [`Account`], [`AuthMethod`], and [`Vault`]

#### Uploading a new device

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "protected_device_upload",
  "req": {
    "device": "UploadedDevice"
  },
  "reps": {
    "ok": {},
    # The server compare the human handle of the device to the email of parsec-account
    "invalid_human_handle": {}
  }
}
```

```yaml
{
  "label": "UploadedDevice",
  "type": "uploaded_device",
  "other_fields": {
    "organization_id": "OrganizationID",
    "device_id": "DeviceID",
    "encrypted_device": "EncryptedDevice"
  }
}
```

#### List devices

> To list the device linked to the authentication method's vault:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To list the devices linked to the authentication method's vault:
```

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "protected_device_list",
  "req": {},
  "reps": {
    "ok": {
      "devices": "Vec<DeviceInfo>"
    }
  }
}
```

`DeviceInfo` is an aggregation of [`ProtectedDevice`] and additional information retrieved from the metadata server.

```yaml
{
  "label": "DeviceInfo",
  "type": "device_info",
  "other_fields": {
    "organization_id": "OrganizationID",
    "device_id": "DeviceID",
    "user_id": "UserID",
    "HumanHandle": "HumanHandle",
    "created_on": "Timestamp",
    "revoked_on": "Option<Timestamp>",
    "encrypted_device": "EncryptedDevice"
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The encrypted device file is typically ~1KB in size. Considering the number of devices is generally small, it is included here to simplify the API. In the future, a dedicated route may be added specifically to obtain the encrypted device.
          
```

#### Recovery device list

To list all protected device from all vault:

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "protected_device_recovery_list",
  "req": {},
  "reps": {
    "ok": {
      "vaults": "Vec<VaultInfo>",
      "devices": "Vec<DeviceInfo>"
    }
  },
  "custom_types": {
    "VaultInfo": {
      "id": "VaultID",
      "created_on": "Timestamp",
      "created_by": "Creator",
      "auth_methods": "Vec<AuthMethod>"
    },
    "AuthMethod": {
      "algorithm": "KeyAlgorithm",
      "created_on": "Timestamp",
      "created_by": "Creator"
    }
  }
}
```

> > [!CAUTION]
> > The returned list does not include device from the current vault (since we already have access to them and do not need to recover them)

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't put this in a CAUTION, but as part of the description of the route

```suggestion
The returned list does not include devices from the current vault (since user already has access to them and do not need to recover them). Only the vaults that still contain to-be-recovered protected devices are listed.

Recovery can be done in two ways:

- By remembering the old authentication method's password (since vaults are not removed)
- By recovering the Vault key. For this purpose, we should consider providing a way to export the vault key.
```

The server should clean up older devices with matching `organization_id` and `device_id` when processing the `protected_device_upload`.

## Risks

- The devices are not stored securely to only allow the user to access them.
- During [perform clean up when recovering devices](#perform-clean-up-when-recovering-devices), the user can lose access to his devices if an attacker takes control of his account and replace the protected devices with dummy data).

  > To remediate this, it is up to the database administrator to restore a backup.

## Remarks & open questions

- The client will interact with parsec-account via `libparsec`, that way we reuse our RPC communication stack.
- What to do when a user is revoked from an organization?
  Should we remove the device, or should we just provide the information that the device for the given organization is revoked?

  > Just inform the user about the revocation
  >
  > @touilleMan

- A similar question applies for devices that are no longer used (e.g. a linked browser that is no longer used)

  > The uploaded device in parsec-account are not linked to a specific browser, so this does not apply
  >

>   > @FirelightFlagboy

Reviewer 2: Is this intended to be part of the RFC?

Author: Yes

- By recovering the Vault key. For this purpose, we should consider providing a way to export the vault key.

#### Updating the password

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "auth_method_password_update",
  "req": {
    "algorithm": "KeyAlgorithm",
    "hmac_key": "HMACKey",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": {
    "ok": {}
  }
}
```

The server will update the unique [`AuthMethod`] linked to the account with the updated field.
At that point, the client will need to use the update key for the next requests.

The current password will be overwritten in the current authentication method.

The IP address and User-agent of the creator are recorded (see Data Model).
        
#### Rotate the vault key

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "vault_key_rotation",
  "req": {
    "devices": "Vec<UploadedDevice>",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": {
    "ok": {}
  }
}
```

Upon receiving this request, the server creates a new [`Vault`] and new [`ProtectedDevice`].

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Doing a vault key rotation means the other authentication methods would not have access to the new `vault_key`,

> > and therefore would not have access to the devices (which will be encrypted by the new `vault_key`).

Author: **issue:** If we do not remove the previous protected devices, the other auth method could still have access to them using the previous vault.

#### Account deletion

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "account_delete",
  "req": {},
  "reps": {
    "ok": {}
  }
}
```

The server will send an email with a link to confirm the suppression of the account.

#### Missing elements to be defined in the future

- Support for FIDO2
- Multiple auth method support (listing, deletion)
- MFA support
- SSO support
- Improved vault rotation: To share the new `vault_key` with others auth methods

## Alternatives Considered

N/A

## Operations

- The authentication service storing users devices will need to be managed and probably be deployed separately from the Parsec metadata service
- GDPR will need to be considered for the data stored by the service. T&Cs will need to be adapted in order to mention the service and how to obtain and delete the data stored.

## Security/Privacy/Compliance

Consideration should be taken about the method used to save the device on the remote server.
The service would need to identify the user so we will need to have some information about the user (email mostly).

### Perform clean up when recovering devices

Once a device is recovered (i.e.: Was using an old vault and re-encrypted using the current `vault_key`),

> The server should clean up older devices with matching `organization_id` and `device_id` when processing the `protected_device_upload`.

Author: **issue:** This is a notable change on how we work with database, traditionally we never remove data from the database.

This is causing some challenge about how the user can recover it's account (https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/pull/10090/files#r2025053545)

- **Protected device**: The devices that the user want to protect.

- `auth_method_master_key`: A secret obtained from the authentication method.
- `auth_method_hmac_key`: A secret used for HMAC based authentication.
- `auth_method_secret_key`: A symmetric key to encrypt the vault key
- `vault_key`: A symmetric key used to encrypt the vault.

### Key generation

- `auth_method_master_key` is generated from a password using a PBKDF algorithm (likely `argon2`).
- `auth_method_hmac_key` and `auth_method_secret_key` are generated from `auth_method_master_key` using a KDF algorithm (the algorithm will be configured differently to not use the same key).
- `vault_key` is generated from a CSPRNG.

### How we authenticate the request

Some indices are already present above, we will use an HMAC based authentication.

> The reason for this choice is that we do not need additional request to get an OAuth token.

The HMAC code will be put in the `Authorization` HTTP header and will have the following format:

```bash
PARSEC-HMAC-BLAKE2B.${id}.${account_email}.${timestamp}.${signature}
```

The signature is generated like so:

```math
\begin{gather}
body\_sha256 = sha256(body) \\

> content = \text{"PARSEC-HMAC-BLAKE2B"} | email | timestamp | body\_sha256 \\

Reviewer: What does | mean in this context ?

Author: It's the concatenation operator but wikipedia says it should be `||` instead.
So I will fix this

Author: done

- There can be only a single password authentication method per vault.
- Other authentication methods (such as FIDO2) may be added in the future.

#### Protected Device

[`ProtectedDevice`]: #protected-device

```yaml
{
  "label": "ProtectedDevice",
  "type": "protected_device",
  "other_fields": {
    "organization_id": "OrganizationID",
    "device_id": "DeviceID",
    "vault_id": "ID",
    "encrypted_device": "EncryptedDevice"
  }
}
```
- Device are protected within a vault
- Any given device can be protected in multiple vaults (this is typically the case when the devices have been recovered from an older vault).

### API

#### Account creation

To create an account, the client starts by requesting an email validation token.

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "account_send_email_validation_token",
  "req": {
    "email": "EmailStr"
  },
  "reps": [
    {
      "status": "ok"
    },
    {
      "status": "invalid_email"
    }
  ]
}
```

On `ok`, the server would have sent a mail with a unique token used for next the request used to register the authentication method.

> The token will be valid for a duration that will be defined at the implementation (likely will be configurable)

> If the email is already registered in the service, a `ok` response will still be sent (without sending an email)

Reviewer: It's a remark for later, but should we send an email to warn the user that another account creation attempt has occurred ?

Author: When writing the RFC I though of the same thing but I do not see how actionable the email would be to the user.

to avoid creating an oracle about emails registered in the service.

```yml
{
  "cmd": "account_password_create",
  "req": {
    "email_validation_token": "EmailValidationToken",
    "account_label": "String",
    "auth_method_key_params": "KeyAlgorithm",
    "auth_method_hmac_key": "HMACKey",
    "encrypted_vault_key": "EncryptedSymKey"
  },
  "reps": [
    {
      "status": "ok",
    },
    {
      "status": "invalid_email_validation_token"
    }
  ]
}
```

Upon receiving the request, the server will create the [`Account`], [`AuthMethod`], and [`Vault`].

> The IP address and User-agent of the creator are recorded (see Data Model).

Reviewer: Missing link to the section ?

Author: The link**s** are in the above phrase

#### Uploading a new device

To upload a new device the user need to retrieve the current vault information

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "vault_get",
  "req": {},
  "reps": {
    "ok": {
      "vault_id": "VaultID",
      "encrypted_key": "EncryptedSymKey",
      "created_on": "Timestamp",
      "created_by": "Creator",

>       # True if using the active vault (latest vault).

Reviewer: I'm not sure how we could get not the latest vault here

Author: Currently it will always be true since it will always return the latest known vault. 
I'm anticipating that we add a `id: Option<VaultID>` in the request field later on

      "active": "bool"
    }
  }
}
```

It returns the vault information associated with the authentication method

```yaml
{
  "cmd": "protected_device_upload",
  "req": {
    # We add the vault_id to limit concurrency issue in case another client perform a vault rotation.
    "vault_id": "VaultID",
    "device": "UploadedDevice"
  },
  "reps": {
    "ok": {},
    # The server compare the human handle of the device to the email of parsec-account.
    "invalid_human_handle": {},
    # Also check if `vault_id` correspond to the latest vault in use.

>     "not_using_active_vault": {}

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
    "inactive_vault": {}
```
